0x00ffDa

high

# Vault multihop swaps for any token pair will fail in one direction

## Summary
The [`Unstoppable SwapRouter's add_path()`](https://github.com/Unstoppable-DeFi/unstoppable-dex-audit/blob/4153c3e67ccc080032ba0bbaffd9a0c56a573070/contracts/margin-dex/SwapRouter.vy#L130-L134) function stores the same swap path for swapping from "token1" to "token2" and from "token2" to "token1". If the swap path starts with the token1 address, swaps from token2 to token1 will fail, and vice versa.

## Vulnerability Detail
The administrator must call `SwapRouter` `add_path()` to add support for swaps that use multiple Uniswap pools (multihop swaps). The path provided is a sequence of token addresses and pool fee amounts. The path is stored in the `self.paths` hashmap using the provided `token1` and `token2` addresses as the keys. The path is stored twice, once for each ordering of those keys such that the stored path can be accessed easily without sorting the keys. 

[When a path stored in the Unstoppable `Vault` is used for a swap](https://github.com/Unstoppable-DeFi/unstoppable-dex-audit/blob/4153c3e67ccc080032ba0bbaffd9a0c56a573070/contracts/margin-dex/SwapRouter.vy#L108), it is obtained by indexing the hashmap first with the address of the input token for the swap:
```javascript
    path: Bytes[66] = self.paths[_token_in][_token_out]
```
But, because of the logic in `add_path()` described above, the first address in the obtained path could be either `_token_in` or `_token_out`. In the case that it is `_token_out`, the swap will fail as described below. 

The stored path is passed along for use by the Uniswap V3 `SwapRouter` which assumes that the [first 2 addresses in the path define the first pool to use](https://github.com/Uniswap/v3-periphery/blob/6cce88e63e176af1ddb6cc56e029110289622317/contracts/SwapRouter.sol#L150). The `SwapRouter` uses [`Path.decodeFirstPool()` to extract the first address](https://github.com/Uniswap/v3-periphery/blob/6cce88e63e176af1ddb6cc56e029110289622317/contracts/libraries/Path.sol#L51), and it is the first return value thus interpreted as tokenIn for the swap:
```javascript
        (address tokenIn, address tokenOut, uint24 fee) = data.path.decodeFirstPool();
```
In the case that the first token address in the path is actually the intended output token for this swap, the Uniswap V3 `SwapRouter` will attempt to transfer the input amount of the output token and fail because it does not have any allowance to access the Unstoppable `SwapRouter` contract's balance of the output token.

## Impact
The planned margin trading functionality will not work as intended when multihop swaps are required between the margin/debt token and the position token. Since such swaps will work in one direction but fail in the other, traders would either be unable to obtain the desired position or, in the worst case, be unable to exit the position and recover their margin funds. Note that in the latter case, liquidators will also be unable to force exit of over-leveraged positions.

## Code Snippet
SwapRouter.add_path() at https://github.com/Unstoppable-DeFi/unstoppable-dex-audit/blob/4153c3e67ccc080032ba0bbaffd9a0c56a573070/contracts/margin-dex/SwapRouter.vy#L130-L134
```javascript
@external
def add_path(_token1: address, _token2: address, _path: Bytes[66]):
    assert msg.sender == self.admin, "unauthorized"
    self.paths[_token1][_token2] = _path
    self.paths[_token2][_token1] = _path
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Modify the `SwapRouter` `add_path()` function:  remove the `_token1` and `_token2` parameters and instead infer them from the contents of `_path`. Make a reversed copy of the `_path` and store both versions in the paths hashmap with key ordering that matches the path being stored. Add Vault tests for multihop swaps.