TheNaubit

medium

# Oracle freshness threshold can lead to stale data, bad debts and not triggering liquidations

## Summary
The current freshness threshold allows up to 24 hours of stale data. This can lead to potential price issues.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `Vault` contract, the Chainlink price feeds are being used to get the USD prices of the traded tokens. There is one validation to check the freshness of the retrieved data:
```vyper
assert (block.timestamp - updated_at) < ORACLE_FRESHNESS_THRESHOLD, "oracle not fresh"
```
The problem with that validation is `ORACLE_FRESHNESS_THRESHOLD` is a constant set in the contract with the value of `24*60*60` seconds, so it just restricts the data to not be outdated more than 24 hours.

Usually Chainlink price feeds are updated much more frequently than that but there were some times that some price feeds took up to 6 hours to update themselves with the most recent price. A price outdated by 6 hours could cause huge issues in this protocol by accruing bad debt or not triggering liquidations so the `ORACLE_FRESHNESS_THRESHOLD` constant should be lowered to a much smaller value.

For example, here is a news report of a 6-hours delay in the ETH price feed, which caused lots of issues on different protocols: https://cryptobriefing.com/chainlink-experiences-6-hour-delay-eth-price-feed/

## Impact
By not reverting when having a stale price due to having a big freshness threshold, the protocol could suffer from bad debts and not triggering liquidations.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-unstoppable/blob/main/unstoppable-dex-audit/contracts/margin-dex/Vault.vy#L580

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Decrease the `ORACLE_FRESHNESS_THRESHOLD` constant to a much smaller value, instead of 24 hours of stale data.
