Breeje

high

# Deadline check is not effective, allowing outdated slippage and allow pending transaction to be unexpected executed

## Summary

In `SwapRouter.vy` contract, swapping can be done via direct swap or multi hop swap. In both the cases, deadline is set to `block.timestamp` which can be controlled by the miner. This Deadline check is not effective, allowing outdated slippage and allow pending transaction to be unexpected executed.

## Vulnerability Detail

AMMs provide their users with an option to limit the execution of their pending actions, such as swaps. The most common solution is to include a deadline timestamp as a parameter. If such an option is not present, users can unknowingly perform bad trades:

1. Alice wants to swap 100 tokens for 1 ETH and later sell the 1 ETH for 1000 DAI.
2. The transaction is submitted to the mempool, however, Alice chose a transaction fee that is too low for miners to be interested in including her transaction in a block. The transaction stays pending in the mempool for extended periods, which could be hours, days, weeks, or even longer.
3. When the average gas fee dropped far enough for Alice's transaction to become interesting again for miners to include it, her swap will be executed. In the meantime, the price of ETH could have drastically changed. Even slippage parameter will be outdated here allowing potentially more slippage then what alice wanted.
4. She has unknowingly performed a bad trade due to the pending transaction she forgot about.

An even worse way this issue can be maliciously exploited is through MEV:

1. The swap transaction is still pending in the mempool. Average fees are still too high for miners to be interested in it.
2. The price of tokens has gone up significantly since the transaction was signed, meaning Alice would receive a lot more ETH when the swap is executed. But that also means that her maximum slippage value is outdated and would allow for significant slippage.
3. A MEV bot detects the pending transaction. Since the outdated maximum slippage value now allows for high slippage, the bot sandwiches Alice, resulting in significant profit for the bot and significant loss for Alice.

In `SwapRouter.vy`, there is no deadline set by the caller. it just uses block.timestamp which means that whenever the miner decides to include the txn in a block, it will be valid at that time, since `block.timestamp` will be the current timestamp. So all the attack vectors listed above are possible here.

```solidity
File: SwapRouter.vy

    params: ExactInputSingleParams = ExactInputSingleParams(
        {
            tokenIn: _token_in,
            tokenOut: _token_out,
            fee: fee,
            recipient: msg.sender,
 @->        deadline: block.timestamp,
            amountIn: _amount_in,
            amountOutMinimum: _min_amount_out,
            sqrtPriceLimitX96: 0,
        }

    uni_params: ExactInputParams = ExactInputParams(
        {
            path: path,
            recipient: msg.sender,
 @->        deadline: block.timestamp,
            amountIn: _amount_in,
            amountOutMinimum: _min_amount_out,
        }
    )

```
[Link to Code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-unstoppable/blob/main/unstoppable-dex-audit/contracts/margin-dex/SwapRouter.vy#L92)

## Impact

Loss of funds.

## Code Snippet

Shown above

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add deadline arguments to all functions that interact with AMMs, and pass it along to AMM calls.